docs: added not in invalid URLs in setNotFoundHandler (#5661)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Server.md

handlers if a different [`prefix` option](./Plugins.md#route-prefixing-option)
is passed to `fastify.register()`. The handler is treated as a regular route
handler so requests will go through the full [Fastify

> lifecycle](./Lifecycle.md#lifecycle) for valid URLs. Invalid URLs are sent 

Reviewer: I don't think this is accurate. If a path does not match any configured routes, the request is _not_ passed to a route handler. It is instead handled by the configured 404 handler.

Author: You are 💯 right, I meant to write "directly to the 404 handler" but that last part got removed. With that in place it would be accurate, right?

Reviewer: Yes, I think that would be accurate.

Author: One things which I have failed to add here, is that in v5 there is a change in that "bad URLs" are no longer sent to the handler but must be dealt with by adding a [`.frameworkErrors`](https://fastify.dev/docs/latest/Reference/Server/#frameworkerrors) handler if you need to do handle them in a specific manner.

Reviewer 2: @jsumners does it LGTY with the proposed changes https://github.com/fastify/fastify/pull/5661/commits/5d2b35b0bf5ae9c7180ccc5331e698555286a1be ?

handlers if a different [`prefix` option](./Plugins.md#route-prefixing-option)
is passed to `fastify.register()`. The handler is treated as a regular route
handler so requests will go through the full [Fastify
lifecycle](./Lifecycle.md#lifecycle) for valid URLs. Invalid URLs are sent 

> directly to the handler.  *async-await* is supported as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
lifecycle](./Lifecycle.md#lifecycle) for unexisting URLs.
*async-await* is supported as well.
Badly formatted URLs are sent to the [`onBadUrl`](#onbadurl)
handler instead.
```
